# IndividualAss1
Product description and call to action.

This project contains to pages:
    1. Productpage
    2. Orderingform

The productpage contains:
    - Picture of the product: Showing the costumer a visual picture of what they can buy.
    - Gird-Container with items: to structure the page, it has been used grid-container and grid-items.
    - Flex: to make it easier to handle the responsivness.
    - Interactive buttons:
        1. buttons that lets the costumer choose the color of the product.
        2. buttons that let the costumer choose the memory of the product.
        3. The hover effect makes the buttons more dynamic, and is suposed to give a christmas vibe. 
    - Productdetails: Used <ul> and <li> to structure the product details.
    - Christmastheem: The page has a christmas design, perfect for the month of December.
    - Navigation: The page also have navigation buttons. For now they are not in use.

Orderform:
    Functions:
     - The productpicture: a reminder for the costumer, to se what they are buying.
     - radiobuttons: To let the costumer choose form different options.
     - Dropdown-menu: letting the costumer choose country or other.
     - Input type month: Letting them choose the cards experation date.
     Navigation:
     - Button to guid back to the page.
     - Clicking on the picture will also guid you back to the product detail page.

Design:
    - The header is simple and the links for new pages can be added later on.
    - The navigation design could possibley be better to.
    - I used a 460 and 670 px to make the page responcive to a phone. Also using 1fr to make the gri containers fall down when reaching the numbers.

NB NB NB!
    Inspirationn: 

    The design was inspired by some of the content on Telias homepage, espassialy their campain. There is a possebility that the content won't show in the link afte a short periode.

    https://www.telia.no/mobil/mobiltelefoner/samsung/galaxy-s24-ultra/

    NB! The text content about the product details. The 'text' content was Partly generated by ChatGpt AI. (Knowing this was alowed)
